README.md, before:

# docgen
A ChezScheme library for generating interactive documentation.

## Index

* [Usage](#usage)  
* [Install](#install)  
* [Api](#api)  
* [License](#license)

The library has been conceived because ChezScheme (or Scheme in general) lack
a standard way of documenting the code.

## Usage

```scheme
(gen-doc foo "Test symbol")
(define foo 'test)

(gen-doc bar "Bar function" p1 p2)
(define bar
  (lambda (p1 p2) p1 p2))
```

`gen-doc` is position independent: this means that you are not forced to
put the macro on top of a definition but it is really recommended that you
do so.

## Install

1. Install the [ChezScheme](https://cisco.github.io/ChezScheme) compiler.
2. Import the docgen library making sure that the library is in the same
   directory as your project.
3. Read the API! :smile:

## Api

`(describe defName)`
: Describes the definition denoted by the **symbol** *defName*.
  An error is signaled when:
  * An undocumented definition gets passed.
  * describe is used in an uncompletely undocumented code (no definition
    is actually documented).

`(gen-doc defName doc . parameters)`
: Generates interactive documentation that can be retrieved with
  `(describe defName)` and contains the **string** documentation *doc* and
  optional *parameters* for a function definition.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU GPLv3 license.
Please refer to the LICENSE file for more information.

Commit message:

Updated the API and the implementation.
Now the implementation relies on hashtables instead of pure lists, thus
making it more stable.

Re-documenting definitions is not an error anymore but a warning now.

README.md, after:

# docgen
A ChezScheme library for generating interactive documentation.

## Index

* [Usage](#usage)  
* [Install](#install)  
* [Api](#api)  
* [License](#license)

The library has been conceived because ChezScheme (or Scheme in general) lack
a standard way of documenting the code.

## Usage

```scheme
(gen-doc foo "Test symbol")
(define foo 'test)

(gen-doc bar "Bar function" p1 p2)
(define bar
  (lambda (p1 p2) p1 p2))
```

`gen-doc` is position independent: this means that you are not forced to
put the macro on top of a definition but it is really recommended that you
do so.

## Install

1. Install the [ChezScheme](https://cisco.github.io/ChezScheme) compiler.
2. Import the docgen library making sure that the library is in the same
   directory as your project.
3. Read the API! :smile:

## Api

`(list-documented-defs)`
: Returns a vector containing all the documented definitions.

`(describe defName)`
: Describes the definition denoted by the **symbol** *defName*.
  An error is signaled when:
  * An undocumented definition gets passed.
  * describe is used in an uncompletely undocumented code (no definition
    is actually documented).

`(gen-doc defName doc . parameters)`
: Generates interactive documentation that can be retrieved with
  `(describe defName)` and contains the **string** documentation *doc* and
  optional *parameters* for a function documentation.
  If an already documented definition is re-documented a warning is issued.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU GPLv3 license.
Please refer to the LICENSE file for more information.
